The last street in Prince City, the beast has changed
No clue to Princess Chu was found
Why are you here?
You sit down first
You just got out of danger
You will die like this, do you know?
If you talk so much, you should die
Let's both get drunk and avoid worries
Why does it hurt?
I will not be
Tang Yao
Bema
It's getting late
The prince is going to attack
Yes
All right.
Just a few more shots
This is fine.
But girl
You really think I'm a fairy
How can it be so fast?
Tomorrow, the red river can fade away tomorrow
Thank you girl for saving my life
Great kindness cannot be rewarded
If Fang Ting could believe it and escape this time
I will definitely return it for the rest of my life
Trust me
You can replace me with Mingyue girl
I don't need you to repay me
A doctor's job is to save lives
This is what I should do.
Tomorrow we will respect him tomorrow